docs: add condensation fix to TC manual (#19642)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/thermocycler/docs/compliance.md

!!!warning
    Do not set the plate temperature below the ambient temperature for over two hours: condensation could affect performance or damage the module.

> If condensation affects your Thermocycler, create a protocol in the Opentrons App that uses the module's heating capabilities to evaporate excess internal or external moisture. To help remove condensation, we recommend operating the Thermocycler for either:

Reviewer: Clarifying the two paths (protocol vs. app)
```suggestion
If condensation affects your Thermocycler, use the module's heating capabilities to evaporate excess internal or external moisture. Either create and run a protocol or use the module controls in the Opentrons App. To help remove condensation, we recommend operating the Thermocycler for either:
```

- 1 hour at 95 °C
- 2 hours at 75 °C

> Contact [Opentrons Support](https://opentrons.com/opentrons-support) if condensation causes a module failure, as indicated by a blinking orange status light.

Reviewer: Opportunity to link `status light` to the corresponding section with the chart.

Author: Will add link.
